Update Yarp configuration section (#6606)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/dotnet-upgrade-for-complex-projects/rule.md

### Create side-by-side incremental project with [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/platform/upgrade-assistant)

After you've [installed the .NET Upgrade Assistant extension](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-au/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-install#install-the-visual-studio-extension),
right-click on the project in the Solution Explorer window, and select Upgrade.

![image](https://github.com/SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content/assets/3699937/3303daaf-0dea-4b34-9f59-53fd55acf2ef)

A tab is opened which provides, based on your project type, different styles of upgrade:

- In-place project upgrade
  This option upgrades your project without making a copy.

- Side-by-side project upgrade
  Copies your project and upgrades the copy, leaving your original project alone.

- Side-by-side incremental

>   A good choice for complicated web apps. Upgrading from ASP.NET to ASP.NET Core requires quite a bit of work and at times manual refactoring. This mode puts a .NET project next to your existing .NET Framework project, and routes endpoints that are implemented in the .NET project, while all other calls are sent to .NET Framework application.

Reviewer: I am not sure what is meant by the final sentence of this paragraph.

Author: @ncn-ssw 

> routes endpoints implemented in the .NET project, while all other calls are forwarded to the legacy .NET Framework application.

is that clearer? In simple English, if the request is implemented in the new project than it will be handled there otherwise it forwards the request to the original, old, legacy project, for it to handle.

Reviewer: I don't believe it is. I recommend:

```suggestion
  A good choice for complicated web apps. Upgrading from ASP.NET to ASP.NET Core requires quite a bit of work and at times manual refactoring. This mode puts a .NET project next to your existing .NET Framework project.  If an endpoint is implemented in the new project, any requests to that endpoint will be handled in the new project. All other requests will be handled by the old project.
```

>   This mode lets you slowly upgrade your ASP.NET or Library app piece-by-piece.

Reviewer: I suggest removing the word "slowly" as it is not required.

>   This mode lets you slowly upgrade your ASP.NET or Library app piece-by-piece.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This mode lets you upgrade your ASP.NET or Library app piece-by-piece.

```

> On more complex projects you might find that Upgrade Assistant only provides you with the side-by-side incremental option. That is also the option we will be focusing on.

Reviewer: Reword sentence to not include "we" - use the 3rd person perspective as described [here](https://my.sugarlearning.com/SSW/items/9369/how-to-write-ssw-rules).

Author: ```suggestion
On more complex projects you might find that Upgrade Assistant only provides you with the side-by-side incremental option. That is also the option that is covered here.
```

Once your app has been upgraded, a status screen is displayed which shows all of the artifacts related to your project that were associated with the upgrade. Each upgrade artifact can be expanded to read more information about the status. The following list describes the status icons:

- **Filled green checkmark**: The artifact was upgraded and completed successfully.
- **Unfilled green checkmark**: The tool didn't find anything about the artifact to upgrade.
- **Yellow warning sign**: The artifact was upgraded, but there's important information you should consider.
- **Red X**: The artifact was to be upgraded, but the upgrade failed.
  ![Figure: Example results from an Upgrade Assistant upgrade.](https://github.com/SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content/assets/3699937/8dc7aaac-90cd-425b-bea6-5c74bea1ad57)

After the Upgrade Assistant completes the upgrade you will find a new project in the solution running .NET 8. Upgrade Assistant pre-configured the project and installed any necessary packages it required to run side-by-side using the Yarp proxy. 

### Configure Yarp

>  ![Figure: The new project architecture and request flow.](https://github.com/SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content/assets/3699937/36e807f5-e7e8-475c-8a82-d1b972eff35e)

Reviewer: The text ".NET 8" and ".NET Framework" are misaligned with their respective blocks.

  As you can see in the above diagram, we want our UI to go through the .NET 8 project where the Yarp Proxy will either serve and fulfill the request or pass it through to the legacy project.

>   When you look at the `Programm.cs` in the newly created .NET 8 project, you will see that there is a configuration for the catch-all forwarder. You will need to update the configuration here with the address of your legacy project.

Reviewer: `Program.cs` misspelt.

>   When you look at the `Programm.cs` in the newly created .NET 8 project, you will see that there is a configuration for the catch-all forwarder. You will need to update the configuration here with the address of your legacy project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When you look at the `Program.cs` in the newly created .NET 8 project, you will see that there is a configuration for the catch-all forwarder. You will need to update the configuration here with the address of your legacy project.

```

```csharp

var app = builder.Build();

if (!app.Environment.IsDevelopment())
{
    app.UseHsts();
}

app.UseHttpsRedirection();
app.UseStaticFiles();

app.UseRouting();
app.UseAuthorization();
app.UseSystemWebAdapters();

app.MapDefaultControllerRoute();
// This is responsible that request are forwarded
// you need to change the configuration for ProxyTo to

> // you legacy project's address

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// your legacy project's address

```

app.MapForwarder("/{**catch-all}", app.Configuration["ProxyTo"])
   .Add(static builder => ((RouteEndpointBuilder)builder).Order = int.MaxValue);

app.Run();

```

> **Figure: Program.cs code showing the forward clause to the legacy project.**

Reviewer: The convention in the Rules is to not have a full stop on a figure caption.

> **Figure: Program.cs code showing the forward clause to the legacy project.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Figure: Program.cs code showing the forward clause to the legacy project**

```
